---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_allowlists Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves the allowlists details for a Capella cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_allowlists (Data Source)

Retrieves the allowlists details for a Capella cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_allowlists" "existing_allowlists" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `cidr` (String)
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `comment` (String)
- `expires_at` (String)
- `id` (String) - Id of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.
