---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_apikeys Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve API keys in an organization. API keys are used to authenticate and authorize access to Capella resources and services.
---

# couchbase-capella_apikeys (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve API keys in an organization. API keys are used to authenticate and authorize access to Capella resources and services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String)
- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `description` (String)
- `expiry` (Number)
- `id` (String) - Id of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `name` (String) - The name of the bucket.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `organization_roles` (List of String)
- `resources` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--data--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.resources`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) - Id of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `roles` (List of String) - Project Roles associated with the User. To learn more about Project Roles, see [Project Roles](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/projects/project-roles.html).
 - **Valid Values**: `projectOwner`, `projectManager`, `projectViewer`, `projectDataReaderWriter`, `projectDataReader`
- `type` (String) - Type of the resource.
 - **Valid Values**: `project`
 - **Default**: `project`
