---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_endpoints Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source retrieves App Endpoint configurations for an App Service.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_endpoints (Data Source)

The data source retrieves App Endpoint configurations for an App Service.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the App Service.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) Filter criteria for App Endpoints.  Only filtering by App Endpoint name is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `app_endpoints` (Attributes Set) List of App Endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_endpoints))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute to filter.
- `values` (Set of String) List of values to match against.


<a id="nestedatt--app_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `admin_url` (String) The admin URL for the App Endpoint.
- `bucket` (String) The name of the bucket associated with this App Endpoint.
- `cors` (Attributes) CORS configuration for the App Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_endpoints--cors))
- `delta_sync_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable delta sync on this App Endpoint.
- `metrics_url` (String) The metrics URL for the App Endpoint.
- `name` (String) The name of the App Endpoint.
- `oidc` (Attributes List) List of OIDC configurations for the App Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_endpoints--oidc))
- `public_url` (String) The public URL for the App Endpoint.
- `require_resync` (Attributes Map) List of collections that require resync, keyed by scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_endpoints--require_resync))
- `scopes` (Attributes Map) Configuration for scopes within the App Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_endpoints--scopes))
- `state` (String) The state of the App Endpoint. Possible values include `online`, `offline` and `resyncing`.
- `user_xattr_key` (String) The user extended attribute key for the App Endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--app_endpoints--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_endpoints.cors`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether CORS is disabled for this App Endpoint.
- `headers` (Set of String) List of allowed headers for CORS.
- `login_origin` (Set of String) List of allowed login origins for CORS.
- `max_age` (Number) Maximum age for CORS preflight requests in seconds.
- `origin` (Set of String) List of allowed origins for CORS.


<a id="nestedatt--app_endpoints--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_endpoints.oidc`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The OIDC client ID.
- `discovery_url` (String) The OIDC discovery URL.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default OIDC provider.
- `issuer` (String) The OIDC issuer URL.
- `provider_id` (String) The OIDC provider ID.
- `register` (Boolean) Whether to register the OIDC client.
- `roles_claim` (String) The roles claim for OIDC.
- `user_prefix` (String) The user prefix for OIDC users.
- `username_claim` (String) The username claim for OIDC.


<a id="nestedatt--app_endpoints--require_resync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_endpoints.require_resync`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Set of String) List of collections that require resync.


<a id="nestedatt--app_endpoints--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_endpoints.scopes`

Read-Only:

- `collections` (Attributes Map) Configuration for collections within the App Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_endpoints--scopes--collections))

<a id="nestedatt--app_endpoints--scopes--collections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_endpoints.scopes.collections`

Read-Only:

- `access_control_function` (String) The Javascript function that is used to specify the access control policies to be applied to documents in this collection.
- `import_filter` (String) The JavaScript function used to filter which documents in the collection that are to be imported by the App Endpoint.
