---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve the Log Streaming configuration and state for an App Service.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve the Log Streaming configuration and state for an App Service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming" "existing_app_service_log_streaming" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
  app_service_id  = "<app_service_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `config_state` (String) - The current configuration state of log streaming for the App Service. This indicates if log streaming has been set up on the nodes. Use the streamingState field to determine whether log streaming is actively streaming logs or not.
 - **Valid Values**: `disabled`, `disabling`, `enabled`, `enabling`, `paused`, `pausing`, `errored`
- `output_type` (String) - The log collector that is configured for the App Service.
 - **Valid Values**: `datadog`, `generic_http`, `sumologic`, `loki`, `elastic`, `splunk`, `dynatrace`
- `streaming_state` (String) - This indicates if logs are being successfully streamed from the App Service nodes. The states meanings are: unknown - There is not enough data for us to determine if successfully streaming. Make sure the config state is enabled, that logs have been generated for the log levels and keys selected for the App Endpoints, then wait and check again. unsupported - The App Service version does not support the ability to determine if successfully streaming. Upgrade the App Service to version 3.3.2-2.0.0 or above to enable state checking. healthy: Logs are being successfully streamed from all nodes. degraded: At least one node has failed to stream logs. This could mean a transient problem streaming to the log collector, so check your log collector health. unhealthy: All nodes are failing to stream logs. This could indicate a problem to contact the log collector, so make sure you have the right credentials setup. In case of a configuration change (e.g. credential change) or an error occurring while streaming logs, the streaming state may temporarily reflect the previous status for a few minutes, before transitioning to the correct state.
 - **Valid Values**: `unknown`, `unsupported`, `healthy`, `degraded`, `unhealthy`
