---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_services Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source retrieves information for an App Service in Capella. App Service is a fully managed application backend designed to provide data synchronization between mobile or IoT applications running Couchbase Lite and your Couchbase Capella database.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_services (Data Source)

The data source retrieves information for an App Service in Capella. App Service is a fully managed application backend designed to provide data synchronization between mobile or IoT applications running Couchbase Lite and your Couchbase Capella database.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `cloud_provider` (String) - Provider is the cloud service provider for the App Service.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `compute` (Attributes) - The CPU and RAM configuration of the App Service. The supported combinations are:

| CPU (cores)| RAM  (GB)   |
| --------   |   -------   |
| 2          | 4           |
| 4          | 8           |
| 8          | 16          |
| 16         | 32          |
| 36         | 72          | (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--compute))
- `current_state` (String) - **Valid Values**: `pending`, `deploying`, `deploymentFailed`, `destroying`, `destroyFailed`, `healthy`, `degraded`, `scaling`, `scaleFailed`, `upgrading`, `upgradeFailed`, `turnedOff`, `turningOff`, `turnOffFailed`, `turningOn`, `turnOnFailed`
- `description` (String) - Description of the App Service (up to 1024 characters).
 - **Constraints**: Maximum length: 1024 characters
- `id` (String) - The ID of the App Service created.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `name` (String) - Name of the App Service (up to 256 characters).
 - **Constraints**: Maximum length: 256 characters
- `nodes` (Number) - Number of nodes configured for the App Service.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `version` (String) - The version of the App Service server. If left empty, it will be defaulted to the latest available version.

<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--data--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.compute`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) - CPU units (cores).
- `ram` (Number) - RAM units (GB).
