---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_buckets Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The bucket data source retrieves the bucket information for an operational cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_buckets (Data Source)

The bucket data source retrieves the bucket information for an operational cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_buckets" "existing_buckets" {
  organization_id = "aaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa"
  project_id      = "aaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa"
  cluster_id      = "aaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) Lists the bucket data in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Optional:

- `bucket_conflict_resolution` (String) Conflict-resolution mechanism of the bucket.
- `durability_level` (String) Durability of the bucket.
- `eviction_policy` (String) Eviction policy for the bucket.
- `flush` (Boolean) Determines whether flushing is enabled in the bucket.
- `memory_allocation_in_mb` (Number) Bucket size in MB.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of replicas for the data.
- `storage_backend` (String) The bucket storage engine type (Magma or Couchstore).
- `time_to_live_in_seconds` (Number) Time-to-live (TTL) for items in the bucket, in seconds.
- `type` (String) The bucket type (Couchbase or Ephemeral).

Read-Only:

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of the bucket.
- `name` (String) The name of the bucket.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.
- `stats` (Attributes) Bucket statistics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--stats))
- `vbuckets` (Number) Number of vbuckets for the bucket. This is only configurable on Magma buckets for Couchbase 8.0 and above.  This requires provider version 1.5.4 or later.

<a id="nestedatt--data--stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.stats`

Read-Only:

- `disk_used_in_mib` (Number) Disk used in MiB.
- `item_count` (Number) Bucket item count.
- `memory_used_in_mib` (Number) Memory used in MiB.
- `ops_per_second` (Number) Bucket operations per second.
