---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source retrieves the details of a single Couchbase Capella cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_cluster (Data Source)

The data source retrieves the details of a single Couchbase Capella cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `availability` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--availability))
- `cloud_provider` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_provider))
- `configuration_type` (String)
- `connection_string` (String)
- `couchbase_server` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--couchbase_server))
- `current_state` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `enable_private_dns_resolution` (Boolean)
- `etag` (String) Entity tag for the resource, used for caching and conditional requests.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `if_match` (String) A precondition header that specifies the entity tag of a resource.
- `name` (String)
- `service_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups))
- `support` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support))
- `zones` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `availability`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) - Availability zone type, either 'single' or 'multi'. Availability zone type allowed for singleNode cluster is only 'single'.
 - **Valid Values**: `single`, `multi`


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_provider`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) - CIDR block for Cloud Provider.
 - **Constraints**: Pattern: `^\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}\/\d{1,2}$`
- `region` (String) - Cloud provider region, for example `us-west-2`.
- `type` (String) - Cloud provider type. Note: For singleNode cluster, only AWS type cloud provider is allowed. `aws`: Amazon Web Services `gcp`: Google Cloud Platform `azure`: Microsoft Azure
 - **Valid Values**: `aws`, `gcp`, `azure`


<a id="nestedatt--couchbase_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `couchbase_server`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups`

Read-Only:

- `node` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups--node))
- `num_of_nodes` (Number)
- `services` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--service_groups--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups.node`

Read-Only:

- `compute` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups--node--compute))
- `disk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups--node--disk))

<a id="nestedatt--service_groups--node--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups.node.compute`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `ram` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--service_groups--node--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups.node.disk`

Read-Only:

- `autoexpansion` (Boolean)
- `iops` (Number)
- `storage` (Number)
- `type` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--support"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support`

Read-Only:

- `plan` (String) - Plan type, either 'Basic', 'Developer Pro', or 'Enterprise'. Plan type allowed for singleNode cluster is either 'Basic', or 'Developer Pro'. In case of 'Basic' plan timezone field value is ignored.
 - **Valid Values**: `basic`, `developer pro`, `enterprise`
- `timezone` (String) - The standard timezone for the cluster. Should be the TZ identifier.
 - **Valid Values**: `ET`, `GMT`, `IST`, `PT`
