---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_cluster_onoff_schedule Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The On/Off schedule data source allows you to retrieve the on/off schedule for an operational cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_cluster_onoff_schedule (Data Source)

The On/Off schedule data source allows you to retrieve the on/off schedule for an operational cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_cluster_onoff_schedule" "existing_cluster_onoff_schedule" {
  organization_id = "aaaaaa-bbbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee"
  project_id      = "aaaaaa-bbbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee"
  cluster_id      = "aaaaaa-bbbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `days` (Attributes List) The list of days for the cluster on/off schedule. Each day should have a 'state', 'day', and 'from' and 'to' time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--days))
- `timezone` (String) The standard timezone for the cluster. Should be the TZ identifier. For example, 'ET'.

<a id="nestedatt--days"></a>
### Nested Schema for `days`

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) The start time of the cluster on/off schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--days--from))
- `to` (Attributes) The end time of the cluster on/off schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--days--to))

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) The day of the week for the cluster on/off schedule. One of the following: 'sunday', 'monday', 'tuesday', 'wednesday', 'thursday', 'friday', or 'saturday'.
- `state` (String) The state of the cluster on/off schedule. The states are 'on' or 'off'.

<a id="nestedatt--days--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `days.from`

Read-Only:

- `hour` (Number) Specifies the hour of the day for the cluster on/off schedule, ranging from 0 to 23.
- `minute` (Number) Specifies the minute of the hour for the cluster on/off schedule, ranging from 0 to 59.


<a id="nestedatt--days--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `days.to`

Read-Only:

- `hour` (Number) Specifies the hour of the day for the cluster on/off schedule, ranging from 0 to 23.
- `minute` (Number) Specifies the minute of the hour for the cluster on/off schedule, ranging from 0 to 59.
