---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves the details of Couchbase Capella clusters.
---

# couchbase-capella_clusters (Data Source)

Retrieves the details of Couchbase Capella clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_clusters" "existing_clusters" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization that the cluster and project belongs to.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project that the cluster belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) List of clusters in the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `app_service_id` (String) The ID of the App Service associated with this cluster.
- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `availability` (Attributes) Availability configuration for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--availability))
- `cloud_provider` (Attributes) The cloud provider where the cluster is hosted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--cloud_provider))
- `connection_string` (String) The connection string to use to connect to the cluster.
- `couchbase_server` (Attributes) Configuration for the Couchbase Server running on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--couchbase_server))
- `current_state` (String) The current state of the cluster. Example- deploying, scaling, destroying, peering,etc.
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster (up to 1024 characters).
- `enable_private_dns_resolution` (Boolean) EnablePrivateDNSResolution signals that the cluster should have hostnames that are hosted in a public DNS zone that resolve to a private DNS address.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Capella cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster (up to 256 characters).
- `organization_id` (String)
- `project_id` (String)
- `service_groups` (Attributes List) The couchbase service groups running in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups))
- `support` (Attributes) Support configuration for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--support))

<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--data--availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.availability`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The availability type of the cluster. Can be 'single' for Single Node or 'multi' for Multi Node.


<a id="nestedatt--data--cloud_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.cloud_provider`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR block for Cloud Provider.
- `region` (String) The region where the cluster is hosted.
- `type` (String) Cloud provider type. Currently supported values are AWS, GCP and Azure. Note: For singleNode cluster, only AWS type cloud provider is allowed.


<a id="nestedatt--data--couchbase_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.couchbase_server`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String) Version of the Couchbase Server installed in the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups`

Read-Only:

- `node` (Attributes) Node configuration for this service group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups--node))
- `num_of_nodes` (Number) The number of nodes in this service group. The minimum number of nodes for the cluster can be 3 and maximum can be 27 nodes.
- `services` (List of String) The couchbase services running on the nodes. The allowed services for singleNode cluster are one or all of - data, index, query and search.

<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups.node`

Read-Only:

- `compute` (Attributes) Compute resources configuration for the nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--compute))
- `disk` (Attributes) The disk configuration for the nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--disk))

<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups.node.compute`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) The number of CPU cores for the node.
- `ram` (Number) The amount of RAM units in GB for the node.


<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups.node.disk`

Read-Only:

- `autoexpansion` (Boolean) Whether to enable automatic disk expansion. Only applicable for Azure.
- `iops` (Number) The number of IOPS for the disk. Only applicable for certain disk types for AWS and Azure.
- `storage` (Number) The size of the disk in GB. For AWS: >= 50, for Azure (Only required for Ultra Disk types.): >= 64, for GCP: >= 50.
- `type` (String) The type of disk to use. For AWS: gp3 or io2, for Azure: Premium (P6, P10, P15, P20, P30, P40, P50, P60) or Ultra, for GCP: pd-ssd.




<a id="nestedatt--data--support"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.support`

Read-Only:

- `plan` (String) Plan type, either 'Basic', 'Developer Pro', or 'Enterprise'. Plan type allowed for singleNode cluster is either 'Basic', or 'Developer Pro'. In case of 'Basic' plan timezone field value is ignored.
- `timezone` (String) The standard timezone for the cluster. Should be the TZ identifier - ET, GMT, IST, PT.
