---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_database_credentials Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve database credentials for a cluster. Database credentials provide programmatic and application-level access to data on a database.
---

# couchbase-capella_database_credentials (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve database credentials for a cluster. Database credentials provide programmatic and application-level access to data on a database.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Optional:

- `access` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--access))

Read-Only:

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `id` (String) - Id of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `name` (String) - The name of the bucket.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

<a id="nestedatt--data--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.access`

Required:

- `privileges` (List of String)

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--access--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--data--access--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.access.resources`

Optional:

- `buckets` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--access--resources--buckets))

<a id="nestedatt--data--access--resources--buckets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.access.resources.buckets`

Required:

- `name` (String) - The name of the bucket.

Optional:

- `scopes` (Attributes List) - The scopes under a bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--access--resources--buckets--scopes))

<a id="nestedatt--data--access--resources--buckets--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.access.resources.buckets.scopes`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `collections` (List of String)





<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.
