---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_free_tier_clusters Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source retrieves the details of Couchbase Capella clusters.
---

# couchbase-capella_free_tier_clusters (Data Source)

The data source retrieves the details of Couchbase Capella clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_free_tier_clusters" "existing_free_tier_clusters" {
  organization_id = "organization_id"
  project_id      = "project_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) Lists the clusters in the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `app_service_id` (String) The ID of the App Service associated with this cluster.
- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `availability` (Attributes) Availability configuration for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--availability))
- `cloud_provider` (Attributes) The Cloud Service Provider where the cluster is hosted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--cloud_provider))
- `connection_string` (String) The connection string used to connect to the cluster.
- `couchbase_server` (Attributes) Specifies the Couchbase Server configuration running on the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--couchbase_server))
- `current_state` (String) The current cluster status. The cluster statuses are 'deploying', 'scaling', 'destroying', 'peering', 'healthy', and more.
- `description` (String) A description of the cluster (up to 1024 characters).
- `enable_private_dns_resolution` (Boolean) EnablePrivateDNSResolution signals that the cluster should have hostnames that are hosted in a public DNS zone that resolve to a private DNS address.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Capella cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster (up to 256 characters).
- `organization_id` (String)
- `project_id` (String)
- `service_groups` (Attributes List) The Couchbase service groups running in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups))
- `support` (Attributes) Support configuration for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--support))

<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--data--availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.availability`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Specifies the availability type of the cluster, either 'single' for Single Node or 'multi' for Multi Node.


<a id="nestedatt--data--cloud_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.cloud_provider`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR block for the Cloud Service Provider.
- `region` (String) The region where the cluster is hosted.
- `type` (String) The cluster's Cloud Service Provider (CSP). The supported CSPs include AWS, GCP, and Azure. Only AWS is supported as the cloud provider for Single Node clusters.


<a id="nestedatt--data--couchbase_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.couchbase_server`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String) The Couchbase Server version installed in the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups`

Read-Only:

- `node` (Attributes) The node configuration for this service group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups--node))
- `num_of_nodes` (Number) The number of nodes in this Service Group. A cluster can have a minimum of 3 nodes and a maximum of 27 nodes.
- `services` (List of String) The Services running on the nodes. The available Services include 'Data', 'Index', 'Query', and 'Search'.

<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups.node`

Read-Only:

- `compute` (Attributes) The compute resource configuration for the nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--compute))
- `disk` (Attributes) The disk configuration for the nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--disk))

<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups.node.compute`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) The number of CPU cores for the node.
- `ram` (Number) The amount of RAM units in GB for the node.


<a id="nestedatt--data--service_groups--node--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.service_groups.node.disk`

Read-Only:

- `autoexpansion` (Boolean) Whether to enable automatic disk expansion. Only applicable for Azure.
- `iops` (Number) The number of IOPS for the disk. Only applicable for certain disk types for AWS and Azure.
- `storage` (Number) The size of the disk in GB. For AWS: >= 50, for Azure (only required for Ultra Disk types.): >= 64, for GCP: >= 50.
- `type` (String) The type of disk to use. For AWS: gp3 or io2, for Azure: Premium (P6, P10, P15, P20, P30, P40, P50, P60) or Ultra, for GCP: pd-ssd.




<a id="nestedatt--data--support"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.support`

Read-Only:

- `plan` (String) Plan type, either 'Basic', 'Developer Pro', or 'Enterprise'. Plan type allowed for Single Node cluster is either 'Basic', or 'Developer Pro'. In case of 'Basic' plan timezone field value is ignored.
- `timezone` (String) The standard timezone for the cluster. Should be the TZ identifier - ET, GMT, IST, PT.
