---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_network_peers Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve network peering records for a Capella cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_network_peers (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve network peering records for a Capella cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_network_peers" "existing_network_peers" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) Lists the network peering records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--audit))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the VPC peering record.
- `name` (String) The name of the network peering relationship.
- `provider_config` (Attributes) The Cloud Service Provider-specific configuration for the network peering. This provides details about the configuration and the ID of the VPC peer on AWS, GCP, or Azure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--provider_config))
- `status` (Attributes) Current status of the network peering connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--status))

<a id="nestedatt--data--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--data--provider_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.provider_config`

Read-Only:

- `aws_config` (Attributes) AWS configuration data required to establish a VPC peering relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--provider_config--aws_config))
- `azure_config` (Attributes) Azure configuration data required to establish a VNet peering relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--provider_config--azure_config))
- `gcp_config` (Attributes) GCP configuration data required to establish a VPC peering relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--provider_config--gcp_config))

<a id="nestedatt--data--provider_config--aws_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.provider_config.aws_config`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The numeric AWS Account ID or Owner ID.
- `cidr` (String) The AWS VPC CIDR block of network in which your application runs. This cannot overlap with your Capella CIDR Block.
- `provider_id` (String) The ID of the VPC peer on AWS.
- `region` (String) The AWS region where your VPC is deployed
- `vpc_id` (String) The alphanumeric VPC ID which starts with 'vpc-'. This is also known as the networkId.


<a id="nestedatt--data--provider_config--azure_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.provider_config.azure_config`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block from the virtual network that you created in Azure.
- `provider_id` (String) The ID of the VNet peer on Azure.
- `resource_group` (String) The resource group name holding the resource you’re connecting with Capella.
- `subscription_id` (String) The Azure subscription ID where the VNet exists. For more information, see [Find Your Azure Subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-portal/get-subscription-tenant-id#find-your-azure-subscription)
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure tenant ID where the VNet exists. For more information, see [How to Find Tenant](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/how-to-find-tenant)
- `vnet_id` (String) The VNet ID is the name of the virtual network peering in Azure.


<a id="nestedatt--data--provider_config--gcp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.provider_config.gcp_config`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The GCP VPC CIDR block of network in which your application runs. This cannot overlap with your Capella CIDR Block.
- `network_name` (String) The name of the network that you want to peer with.
- `project_id` (String) The unique identifier for your GCP project.
- `provider_id` (String) The ID of the VPC peer on GCP.
- `service_account` (String) The Service Account created or assigned on the external VPC project. The GCP Service Account should have the following permission:DNS Admin and Network Admin. It must be in the form of an email address, as shown by the output of the gcloud iam service-accounts list command. [Reference](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create#creating)



<a id="nestedatt--data--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.status`

Read-Only:

- `reasoning` (String) Detailed reason for the current status of the peering connection.
- `state` (String) Current state of the peering connection.
