---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_organization Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve information about a Capella organization.
---

# couchbase-capella_organization (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve information about a Capella organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_organization" "existing_organization" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `description` (String) - The description of a particular organization.
- `name` (String) - The name of the organization.
- `preferences` (Attributes) - Preferences stores preferences for the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preferences))

<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--preferences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preferences`

Read-Only:

- `session_duration` (Number)
