---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_private_endpoints Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve private endpoints for an operational cluster. Access your operational cluster from your Cloud Service Provider's private network. Returns a list of private endpoints associated with the endpoint service for your operational cluster, along with the endpoint state. Each private endpoint connects a private network to the operational cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_private_endpoints (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve private endpoints for an operational cluster. Access your operational cluster from your Cloud Service Provider's private network. Returns a list of private endpoints associated with the endpoint service for your operational cluster, along with the endpoint state. Each private endpoint connects a private network to the operational cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_private_endpoints" "list_endpoints" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster. Private endpoints enable secure access to this cluster through your Cloud Service Provider's private network.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) Lists the private endpoints associated with the cluster. Each entry represents a connection point between your private network and the Capella cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private endpoint.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the private endpoint service.
- `status` (String) The current status of the private endpoint. Possible values are:
* `pending` - The endpoint creation is in progress
* `pendingAcceptance` - The endpoint is waiting for acceptance from Capella
* `linked` - The endpoint is successfully connected and active
* `rejected` - The endpoint connection request was rejected
* `unrecognized` - The endpoint state cannot be determined
* `failed` - The endpoint creation or connection attempt failed
