---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_project Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source to retrieve information about a Capella project.
---

# couchbase-capella_project (Data Source)

The data source to retrieve information about a Capella project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_projects" "existing_projects" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) - A GUID4 identifier of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.

### Optional

- `if_match` (String) A precondition header that specifies the entity tag of a resource.

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `description` (String) - A short description of the project (up to 256 characters).
 - **Constraints**: Maximum length: 256 characters
- `etag` (String) Entity tag for the resource, used for caching and conditional requests.
- `name` (String) - The name of the project (up to 128 characters).
 - **Constraints**: Maximum length: 128 characters

<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was initially created.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `created_by` (String) - The user who created the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and will be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `modified_at` (String) - The RFC3339 timestamp associated with when the resource was last modified.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `modified_by` (String) - The user who last modified the resource; this will be a UUID4 ID for standard users and wilmal be a string such as "internal-support" for internal Couchbase support users.
- `version` (Number) - The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.
