---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_project_event Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve an event for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at the project level.
---

# couchbase-capella_project_event (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve an event for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at the project level.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_project_event" "existing_project_event" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  id              = "<event_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The event ID of the event.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `alert_key` (String) Populated on demand based on the Event.Key and select labels in KV.
- `app_service_id` (String) SyncGatewayID this Event refers to.
- `app_service_name` (String) Name of the sync gateway at the time of event emission.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster this event refers to.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster at the time of event emission.
- `image_url` (String) URL to a rendered chart image representing the alert event.
- `incident_ids` (Set of String) Group events related to an alert incident.
- `key` (String) Defines the specific kind of event.
- `kv` (String) Key-value pairs for additional event data.
- `occurrence_count` (Number) Number of times the alert has fired within this "incident".
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project at the time of event emission.
- `request_id` (String) RequestID for an event.
- `session_id` (String) ID of the session associated with the user that initiated the request for this event.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the event.
- `source` (String) Identifies the originator of the event.
- `summary` (String) Metadata.SummaryTemplate rendered for this event.
- `timestamp` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the event was emitted.
- `user_email` (String) Email of the associated user at the time of event emission.
- `user_id` (String) User id that initiated the request for this event.
- `user_name` (String) Name of the associated user at the time of event emission.
