---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_project_events Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.
---

# couchbase-capella_project_events (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve all event information for a project. Events represent a trail of actions that users performs within Capella at project level.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "couchbase-capella_project_events" "existing_project_events" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.

### Optional

- `cluster_ids` (Set of String) List of clusterIds to filter on. By default, events corresponding to all clusters are returned.
- `from` (String) Start date in RFC3339 format. If not provided, events starting from last 24 hours are returned.
- `page` (Number) Sets the page you would like to view.
- `per_page` (Number) Sets the number of results you would like to have on each page.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.
- `severity_levels` (Set of String) Filter by severity levels. Default is to return events corresponding to all supported severity levels.
- `sort_by` (String) Sets the order of how you would like to sort the results and the key you would like to order by. Valid fields to sort the results are: severity, timestamp.
- `sort_direction` (String) The order in which the items will be sorted.
- `tags` (Set of String) Filter by tags. Default is to return events corresponding to all supported tag. The tags are: availability, billing, maintenance, performance, security, alert.
- `to` (String) End datetime in the last 24 hours, RFC3339 format. Defaults to Now.
- `user_ids` (Set of String) Filter by user UUID. Default is to return events corresponding to all users.

### Read-Only

- `cursor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cursor))
- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cursor`

Read-Only:

- `hrefs` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cursor--hrefs))
- `pages` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cursor--pages))

<a id="nestedatt--cursor--hrefs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cursor.hrefs`

Read-Only:

- `first` (String) The base URL, endpoint, and path parameters required to fetch the first page of results.
- `last` (String) The base URL, endpoint, and path parameters required to fetch the last page of results.
- `next` (String) The base URL, endpoint, and path parameters required to fetch the next page of results. Empty if there is no next page.
- `previous` (String) The base URL, endpoint, and path parameters required to fetch the previous page of results. Empty if there is no previous page.


<a id="nestedatt--cursor--pages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cursor.pages`

Read-Only:

- `last` (Number) Number of the last page of results.
- `next` (Number) Number of the next page of results. Not set on the last page.
- `page` (Number) Current page of results, starting from page 1.
- `per_page` (Number) Number of items displayed in each page.
- `previous` (Number) Number of the previous page of results. Not set on the first page.
- `total_items` (Number) Total number of items across all pages.



<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `alert_key` (String) Populated on demand based on the Event.Key and select labels in KV.
- `app_service_id` (String) SyncGatewayID this Event refers to.
- `app_service_name` (String) Name of the sync gateway at the time of event emission.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster at the time of event emission.
- `id` (String) UUID for this instance of an event.
- `image_url` (String) URL to a rendered chart image representing the alert event.
- `incident_ids` (Set of String) Group events related to an alert incident.
- `key` (String) Defines the specific kind of event.
- `kv` (String) Key-value pairs for additional event data.
- `occurrence_count` (Number) Number of times the alert has fired within this "incident".
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project at the time of event emission.
- `request_id` (String) The request ID for an event.
- `session_id` (String) ID of the session associated with the user that initiated the request for this event.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the event.
- `source` (String) Identifies the originator of the event.
- `summary` (String) Metadata.SummaryTemplate rendered for this event.
- `timestamp` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the event was emitted.
- `user_email` (String) Email of the associated user at the time of event emission.
- `user_id` (String) User ID that initiated the request for this event.
- `user_name` (String) Name of the associated user at the time of event emission.
