---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_allowlist Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the Allowed IP addresses to connect to databases for Couchbase Capella.
---

# couchbase-capella_allowlist (Resource)

Manages the Allowed IP addresses to connect to databases for Couchbase Capella.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_allowlist" "new_allowlist" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
  cidr            = "10.0.0.0/16"
  comment         = "Allow access from a public IP"
  expires_at      = "2023-12-30T23:59:59.465Z"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) - The trusted CIDR to allow the database connections from. The example represents a single IP address (i.e. a subnet mask of 32).
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) - A short description of the allowed CIDR.
- `expires_at` (String) - An RFC3339 timestamp determining when the allowed CIDR will expire. If this field is omitted then the allowed CIDR is permanent and will never automatically expire.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `id` (String) - The ID of the allowed CIDR.

<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_allowlist.new_allowlist id=test_id, cluster_id=test_id, project_id=test_id, organization_id=test_id
```
