---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_apikey Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to create and manage API keys in Capella. API keys are used to authenticate and authorize access to Capella resources and services.
---

# couchbase-capella_apikey (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage API keys in Capella. API keys are used to authenticate and authorize access to Capella resources and services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_apikey" "new_apikey" {
  organization_id    = "<organization_id>"
  name               = "Organization Owner API Key"
  description        = "Creates an API key with a Organization Owner role."
  expiry             = 720
  organization_roles = ["organizationOwner"]
  allowed_cidrs      = ["8.8.8.8/32"]
  resources          = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) - Name of the API key.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `organization_roles` (Set of String) - Organization roles assigned to the API key. To learn more, see [Organization Roles](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/organizations/organization-user-roles.html).
 - **Valid Values**: `organizationOwner`, `organizationMember`, `projectCreator`

### Optional

- `allowed_cidrs` (Set of String)
- `description` (String) - Description for the API key.
 - **Default**: ``
- `expiry` (Number) - Expiry of the API key in number of days. If set to -1, the token will not expire.
 - **Default**: `180`
- `resources` (Attributes Set) - Resources are the resource level permissions associated with the API key. To learn more about Organization Roles, see [Organization Roles](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/organizations/organization-user-roles.html).
 - **Default**: `[]` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `rotate` (Number) - Set this value in incremental order from the previously set rotate value (starting from 1) to trigger rotation of the API key. When rotated, a new token and secret are generated.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) - A secret associated with API key. One has to follow the secret key policy, such as allowed characters and a length of 64 characters. If this field is left empty, a secret will be auto-generated.

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `id` (String) - Id of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `token` (String, Sensitive) - The Token is a confidential piece of information that is used to authorize requests made to v4 endpoints.

<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `id` (String) - Id of the project.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `roles` (Set of String) - Project Roles associated with the User. To learn more about Project Roles, see [Project Roles](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/projects/project-roles.html).
 - **Valid Values**: `projectOwner`, `projectManager`, `projectViewer`, `projectDataReaderWriter`, `projectDataReader`

Optional:

- `type` (String) - Type of the resource.
 - **Valid Values**: `project`
 - **Default**: `project`


<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_apikey.new_apikey id=<apikey_id>,cluster_id=<cluster_id>,project_id=<project_id>,organization_id=<organization_id>
```
