---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_endpoint_oidc_provider Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App Endpoint OpenID Connect Provider Resource
---

# couchbase-capella_app_endpoint_oidc_provider (Resource)

App Endpoint OpenID Connect Provider Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_endpoint_name` (String) The name of the App Endpoint.
- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `client_id` (String) - The OpenID Connect provider client ID.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `issuer` (String) - The URL for the OpenID Connect issuer.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `discovery_url` (String) - The URL for the non-standard discovery endpoint.
- `register` (Boolean) - Indicates whether to register a new App Service user account when a user logs in using OpenID Connect.
- `roles_claim` (String) - If set, the value(s) of the given OpenID Connect authentication token claim will be added to the user's roles. The value of this claim in the OIDC token must be either a string or an array of strings, any other type will result in an error.
- `user_prefix` (String) - Username prefix for all users created for this provider
- `username_claim` (String) - Allows a different OpenID Connect field to be specified instead of the Subject (sub).

### Read-Only

- `is_default` (Boolean) - Indicates whether this is the default OpenID Connect provider.
- `provider_id` (String) The unique identifier of the provider.
