---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_endpoint_access_control_function Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Access Function resource allows you to manage access control and validation functions for App Endpoints in your Capella organization. Access functions are JavaScript functions that specify access control policies applied to documents in collections.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_endpoint_access_control_function (Resource)

This Access Function resource allows you to manage access control and validation functions for App Endpoints in your Capella organization. Access functions are JavaScript functions that specify access control policies applied to documents in collections.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_control_function` (String) - All mutations in this collection are processed by this Javascript function
- `app_endpoint_name` (String) The name of the App Endpoint.
- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `collection` (String) A specific collection denoted by the App Endpoint name, the scope name and collection name separated by a period, for example "endpoint1.scope1.collection1".
If only an App Endpoint name is provided this will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default._default". If only an App Endpoint name and collection name are
provided these will interpreted as a named collection within the default scope, for example "endpoint1.collection1" will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default.collection1".
- `scope` (String) A specific collection denoted by the App Endpoint name, the scope name and collection name separated by a period, for example "endpoint1.scope1.collection1".
If only an App Endpoint name is provided this will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default._default". If only an App Endpoint name and collection name are
provided these will interpreted as a named collection within the default scope, for example "endpoint1.collection1" will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default.collection1".
