---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_endpoint_import_filter Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Import Filter resource allows you to manage the JavaScript import filter for an App Endpoint collection. The import filter specifies which documents in the collection are imported by the App Endpoint.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_endpoint_import_filter (Resource)

This Import Filter resource allows you to manage the JavaScript import filter for an App Endpoint collection. The import filter specifies which documents in the collection are imported by the App Endpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_endpoint_name` (String) The name of the App Endpoint.
- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `import_filter` (String) - The Javascript function used to specify the documents in this collection that are to be imported by the App Endpoint. By default, all documents in corresponding collection are imported.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `collection` (String) A specific collection denoted by the App Endpoint name, the scope name and collection name separated by a period, for example "endpoint1.scope1.collection1".
If only an App Endpoint name is provided this will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default._default". If only an App Endpoint name and collection name are
provided these will interpreted as a named collection within the default scope, for example "endpoint1.collection1" will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default.collection1".
- `scope` (String) A specific collection denoted by the App Endpoint name, the scope name and collection name separated by a period, for example "endpoint1.scope1.collection1".
If only an App Endpoint name is provided this will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default._default". If only an App Endpoint name and collection name are
provided these will interpreted as a named collection within the default scope, for example "endpoint1.collection1" will be interpreted as "endpoint1._default.collection1".
