---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the Log Streaming configuration for an App Service.
  This resource allows you to set up and enable Log Streaming on an App Service by configuring the log collector credentials and output type.
  Note: Log Streaming will enable on the App Service when this resource is created or a configuration change is made.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming (Resource)

Manages the Log Streaming configuration for an App Service.
This resource allows you to set up and enable Log Streaming on an App Service by configuring the log collector credentials and output type.
Note: Log Streaming will enable on the App Service when this resource is created or a configuration change is made.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming" "app_service_log_streaming" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
  app_service_id  = "<app_service_id>"

  output_type = "generic_http"
  credentials = {
    generic_http = {
      user = "<user>"
      password = "<password>"
      url = "<log_collector_url>"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) - The credentials to be used to authenticate with the log collector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `output_type` (String) - The log collector to have logs streamed to.
 - **Valid Values**: `datadog`, `generic_http`, `sumologic`, `loki`, `elastic`, `splunk`, `dynatrace`
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Read-Only

- `config_state` (String) - The current configuration state of log streaming for the App Service. This indicates if log streaming has been set up on the nodes. Use the streamingState field to determine whether log streaming is actively streaming logs or not.
 - **Valid Values**: `disabled`, `disabling`, `enabled`, `enabling`, `paused`, `pausing`, `errored`
- `streaming_state` (String) - This indicates if logs are being successfully streamed from the App Service nodes. The states meanings are: unknown - There is not enough data for us to determine if successfully streaming. Make sure the config state is enabled, that logs have been generated for the log levels and keys selected for the App Endpoints, then wait and check again. unsupported - The App Service version does not support the ability to determine if successfully streaming. Upgrade the App Service to version 3.3.2-2.0.0 or above to enable state checking. healthy: Logs are being successfully streamed from all nodes. degraded: At least one node has failed to stream logs. This could mean a transient problem streaming to the log collector, so check your log collector health. unhealthy: All nodes are failing to stream logs. This could indicate a problem to contact the log collector, so make sure you have the right credentials setup. In case of a configuration change (e.g. credential change) or an error occurring while streaming logs, the streaming state may temporarily reflect the previous status for a few minutes, before transitioning to the correct state.
 - **Valid Values**: `unknown`, `unsupported`, `healthy`, `degraded`, `unhealthy`

<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Optional:

- `datadog` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--datadog))
- `dynatrace` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--dynatrace))
- `elastic` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--elastic))
- `generic_http` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--generic_http))
- `loki` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--loki))
- `splunk` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--splunk))
- `sumologic` (Attributes, Sensitive) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--sumologic))

<a id="nestedatt--credentials--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.datadog`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) - The API key for authentication
- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The DataDog log ingestion URL


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--dynatrace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.dynatrace`

Required:

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) - The token for the Dynatrace log collector
- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The URL for the Dynatrace log collector


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--elastic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.elastic`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) - The password for the Elasticsearch log collector
- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The URL for the Elasticsearch log collector
- `user` (String, Sensitive) - The username for the Elasticsearch log collector


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--generic_http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.generic_http`

Required:

- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The URL for a generic HTTP log collector

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) - The password for HTTP authentication, if required
- `user` (String, Sensitive) - The username for HTTP authentication, if required


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--loki"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.loki`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) - The password for the Grafana Loki log collector
- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The URL for the Grafana Loki log collector
- `user` (String, Sensitive) - The username for the Grafana Loki log collector


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--splunk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.splunk`

Required:

- `splunk_token` (String, Sensitive) - The token for the Splunk log collector
- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The URL for the Splunk log collector


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--sumologic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.sumologic`

Required:

- `url` (String, Sensitive) - The SumoLogic signed URL for the log ingestion

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_app_service_log_streaming.app_service_log_streaming app_service_id=<app_service_id>,cluster_id=<cluster_id>,project_id=<project_id>,organization_id=<organization_id>
```
