---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_app_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage an App Endpoint configuration for a Couchbase Capella App Service.
---

# couchbase-capella_app_endpoint (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage an App Endpoint configuration for a Couchbase Capella App Service.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the appService.
- `bucket` (String) - The Capella Cluster backing bucket for the App Endpoint.
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `name` (String) - App Endpoint name. Must be less than 228 characters. It can only contain lowercase letters, numbers, or the following characters `-_$+()`
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `cors` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors))
- `delta_sync_enabled` (Boolean) - Enable/disable delta sync
 - **Default**: `false`
- `oidc` (Attributes List) - OpenID Connect provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc))
- `scopes` (Attributes Map) - **Default**: `map[_default:map[collections:map[_default:map[accessControlFunction:function(doc){channel(doc.channels);} importFilter: function(doc) { if (doc.type != 'mobile') { return false; } return true; }]]]]` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scopes))
- `user_xattr_key` (String) - The key of the user-extended attributes (xattr) that will be accessible from the Access control and validation function. If left empty, the feature will be disabled.

### Read-Only

- `admin_url` (String)
- `metrics_url` (String)
- `public_url` (String)
- `require_resync` (Attributes Map) - Scopes and collections that require resyncing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--require_resync))
- `state` (String) - App Endpoint state.

<a id="nestedatt--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) - disable CORS
- `headers` (Set of String) - List of allowed headers
- `login_origin` (Set of String) - List of allowed login origins
- `max_age` (Number) - Specifies the duration (in seconds) for which the results of a preflight request can be cached.
 - **Default**: `5`
- `origin` (Set of String) - List of allowed origins, use ['*'] to allow access from everywhere


<a id="nestedatt--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) - The OpenID Connect provider client ID.
- `issuer` (String) - The URL for the OpenID Connect issuer.

Optional:

- `discovery_url` (String) - The URL for the non-standard discovery endpoint.
- `register` (Boolean) - Indicates whether to register a new App Service user account when a user logs in using OpenID Connect.
- `roles_claim` (String) - If set, the value(s) of the given OpenID Connect authentication token claim will be added to the user's roles. The value of this claim in the OIDC token must be either a string or an array of strings, any other type will result in an error.
- `user_prefix` (String) - Username prefix for all users created for this provider
- `username_claim` (String) - Allows a different OpenID Connect field to be specified instead of the Subject (sub).

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) - Indicates whether this is the default OpenID Connect provider.
- `provider_id` (String) The unique identifier of the provider.


<a id="nestedatt--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scopes`

Optional:

- `collections` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scopes--collections))

<a id="nestedatt--scopes--collections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scopes.collections`

Optional:

- `access_control_function` (String) - All mutations in this collection are processed by this Javascript function
- `import_filter` (String) - The Javascript function used to specify the documents in this collection that are to be imported by the App Endpoint. By default, all documents in corresponding collection are imported.



<a id="nestedatt--require_resync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `require_resync`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Set of String)
