---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_cloud_snapshot_backup Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages snapshot backup resource associated with a Capella cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_cloud_snapshot_backup (Resource)

Manages snapshot backup resource associated with a Capella cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `cross_region_restore_preference` (List of String)
- `regions_to_copy` (Set of String) - Specifies the regions where the backup will be copied. A maximum of two regions can be selected. If not provided, the backup will remain single-region.
- `restore_times` (Number)
- `retention` (Number) - Represents interval in hours to retain the backup.

### Read-Only

- `cmek` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cmek))
- `created_at` (String) - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `cross_region_copies` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_region_copies))
- `expiration` (String) - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `progress` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--progress))
- `server` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server))
- `size` (Number)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--cmek"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cmek`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) - UUID of the customer managed encryption key.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)
- `provider_id` (String) The unique identifier of the provider.


<a id="nestedatt--cross_region_copies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_region_copies`

Read-Only:

- `region_code` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `time` (String) - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format


<a id="nestedatt--progress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `progress`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String)
- `time` (String) - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format


<a id="nestedatt--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String) - Version of the Couchbase Server to be installed in the cluster. Refer to documentation [here](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/clusters/upgrade-database.html#server-version-maintenance-support) for list of supported versions. The latest Couchbase Server version will be deployed by default.
