---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_database_credential Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage a database credential for a cluster. Database credentials provide programmatic and application-level access to data on a database.
---

# couchbase-capella_database_credential (Resource)

Resource to create and manage a database credential for a cluster. Database credentials provide programmatic and application-level access to data on a database.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_database_credential" "new_database_credential" {
  name            = "ReadWriteOnSpecificCollections"
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
  password        = "<password>"
  access = [
    {
      "privileges" : [
        "data_reader",
        "data_writer"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access` (Attributes Set) - Describes the access information of the database credential. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `name` (String) - Username for the database credential. The name should adhere to the following rules: The name must be between 2 & 128 characters. The name cannot contain spaces. The name cannot contain the following characters - `) ( > < , ; : " \ / ] [ ? = } {` The name cannot begin with `@` character.
 - **Constraints**: Minimum length: 2 characters, Maximum length: 128 characters
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `password` (String, Sensitive) - A password associated with the database credential. If this field is left empty, a password will be auto-generated. The password should adhere to the following rules: The password should have at least 8 characters. Characters used for the password should contain at least one uppercase (A-Z), one lowercase (a-z), one numerical (0-9), and one special character.

3. The password must not contain any of the following characters: `< > ; . * & | £`
 - **Constraints**: Minimum length: 8 characters

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `id` (String) - The ID of the database credential created.
 - **Format**: UUID (GUID4)

<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Required:

- `privileges` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `resources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--access--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access.resources`

Optional:

- `buckets` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access--resources--buckets))

<a id="nestedatt--access--resources--buckets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access.resources.buckets`

Required:

- `name` (String) - Username for the database credential. The name should adhere to the following rules: The name must be between 2 & 128 characters. The name cannot contain spaces. The name cannot contain the following characters - `) ( > < , ; : " \ / ] [ ? = } {` The name cannot begin with `@` character.
 - **Constraints**: Minimum length: 2 characters, Maximum length: 128 characters

Optional:

- `scopes` (Attributes Set) - The scopes under a bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access--resources--buckets--scopes))

<a id="nestedatt--access--resources--buckets--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access.resources.buckets.scopes`

Required:

- `name` (String) - Username for the database credential. The name should adhere to the following rules: The name must be between 2 & 128 characters. The name cannot contain spaces. The name cannot contain the following characters - `) ( > < , ; : " \ / ] [ ? = } {` The name cannot begin with `@` character.
 - **Constraints**: Minimum length: 2 characters, Maximum length: 128 characters

Optional:

- `collections` (Set of String)





<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_database_credential.new_database_credential id=<database_credential_id>,cluster_id=<cluster_id>,project_id=<project_id>,organization_id=<organization_id>
```
