---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_free_tier_app_service Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage free tier App Services associated with a free tier operational cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_free_tier_app_service (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage free tier App Services associated with a free tier operational cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_free_tier_app_service" "new_free_tier_app_service" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"
  project_id      = "<project_id>"
  cluster_id      = "<cluster_id>"
  name            = "free-tier-app-service"
  description     = "Free Tier App Service created by terraform"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster.
- `name` (String) Name of the free tier App Service.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the free tier App Service.

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `cloud_provider` (String) The Cloud Service Provider of the free tier App Service. The supported Cloud Service Providers are AWS, GCP, and Azure.
- `compute` (Attributes) Compute configuration of the free tier App Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute))
- `current_state` (String) Current state of the free tier App Service.
- `etag` (String) ETag of the free tier App Service.
- `id` (String) ID of the free tier App Service.
- `nodes` (Number) Number of nodes in the free tier App Service.
- `plan` (String) The Support plan associated with the free tier App Service. The Support plan options are 'Basic', 'Developer Pro', or 'Enterprise'.
- `version` (String) The Server version of the free tier App Service.

<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) The number of CPUs of the free tier App Service node.
- `ram` (Number) The amount of RAM of the free tier App Service node.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import <resource_name> id=<resource_id>,organization_id=<organization_id>,project_id=<project_id>,cluster_id=<cluster_id>
```
