---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_free_tier_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage a free tier operational cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_free_tier_cluster (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage a free tier operational cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_free_tier_cluster" "new_free_tier_cluster" {
  organization_id = "organization_id"
  project_id      = "project_id"
  name            = "New free tier cluster"
  description     = "New free tier test cluster for multiple services"
  cloud_provider = {
    type   = "aws"
    region = "capella_free_tier_cluster"
    cidr   = "10.1.0.0/16"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (Attributes) The Cloud Service Provider details for the free tier cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_provider))
- `name` (String) Name of the free tier cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the free tier cluster.

### Read-Only

- `app_service_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the App Service.
- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `availability` (Attributes) Availability zone details for the free tier cluster. Free tier clusters have single availability zones (AZ). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--availability))
- `cmek_id` (String) The customer-managed encryption key (CMEK) ID.
- `connection_string` (String) The connection string of the free tier cluster.
- `couchbase_server` (Attributes) Couchbase Server details for the free tier cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--couchbase_server))
- `current_state` (String) The current state of the free tier cluster.
- `enable_private_dns_resolution` (Boolean) Indicates if the private DNS resolution is enabled for the cluster.
- `etag` (String) The etag of the free tier cluster, part of the response header
- `id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the free tier cluster.
- `service_groups` (Attributes Set) The Service Groups for the free tier cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups))
- `support` (Attributes) The Support information for the free tier cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support))

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_provider`

Required:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR block for the Cloud Service Provider.
- `region` (String) The region for the Cloud Service Provider. This should be a valid region for the specified Cloud Service Provider. For example 'us-west-2'.
- `type` (String) The Cloud Service Provider type. Currently supporting AWS, GCP and Azure.


<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.


<a id="nestedatt--availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `availability`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The availability zone type. This should be 'single' for the free tier cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--couchbase_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `couchbase_server`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String) The version of Couchbase Server for the free tier cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--service_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups`

Read-Only:

- `node` (Attributes) Node details for the Service Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups--node))
- `num_of_nodes` (Number) The number of nodes in the Service Group.
- `services` (Set of String) The services enabled for the Service Group. Should be a comma-separated list of services. For example, 'data,index,query'.

<a id="nestedatt--service_groups--node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups.node`

Read-Only:

- `compute` (Attributes) Compute details for the node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups--node--compute))
- `disk` (Attributes) Disk details for the node (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_groups--node--disk))

<a id="nestedatt--service_groups--node--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups.node.compute`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) The number of CPU cores for the node.
- `ram` (Number) The amount of RAM for the node.


<a id="nestedatt--service_groups--node--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_groups.node.disk`

Read-Only:

- `autoexpansion` (Boolean) Indicates if auto-expansion is enabled for the disk.
- `iops` (Number) Input/Output Operations Per Second (IOPS) for the disk.
- `storage` (Number) Storage size of the disk.
- `type` (String) The type of disk for the node. Should be one of 'ssd', 'hdd', or 'nvme'.




<a id="nestedatt--support"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support`

Read-Only:

- `plan` (String) The Support plan for the free tier cluster. The free tier plan is automatically assigned to free tier clusters.
- `timezone` (String) The standard timezone for the cluster. Should be the TZ identifier. For example, 'ET'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_cluster_free_tier.new_cluster_free_tier id=<cluster_id>,project_id=<project_id>,organization_id=<organization_id>
```
