---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_private_endpoints Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage private endpoints for an operational cluster. Private endpoints allow you to securely connect your Cloud Service Provider's private network (VPC/VNET) to your operational cluster without exposing traffic to the public internet.
---

# couchbase-capella_private_endpoints (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage private endpoints for an operational cluster. Private endpoints allow you to securely connect your Cloud Service Provider's private network (VPC/VNET) to your operational cluster without exposing traffic to the public internet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_private_endpoints" "accept_endpoint" {
  organization_id = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  project_id      = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  cluster_id      = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  endpoint_id     = "vpce-7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the operational cluster to create the private endpoint for. This enables secure access to the cluster through your Cloud Service Provider's private network.
- `endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the private endpoint in your cloud provider.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization where the private endpoint will be created.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project containing the cluster where the private endpoint will be created.

### Read-Only

- `service_name` (String) The name of the private endpoint service associated with the operational cluster.
- `status` (String) The current status of the private endpoint. Possible values are:
* `pending` - The endpoint creation is in progress
* `pendingAcceptance` - The endpoint is waiting for acceptance from Capella
* `linked` - The endpoint is successfully connected and active
* `rejected` - The endpoint connection request was rejected
* `unrecognized` - The endpoint state cannot be determined
* `failed` - The endpoint creation or connection attempt failed

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_private_endpoints.accept_endpoint endpoint_id=vpce-9,organization_id=ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000,project_id=ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000,cluster_id=ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000
```
