---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_user Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This User resource allows you to manage users in your Capella organization. You can create, update, and delete users, as well as manage their roles and permissions within the organization.
---

# couchbase-capella_user (Resource)

This User resource allows you to manage users in your Capella organization. You can create, update, and delete users, as well as manage their roles and permissions within the organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_user" "new_user" {
  organization_id = "<organization_id>"

  name               = "John"
  email              = "john.doe@example.com"
  organization_roles = ["organizationMember"]
  resources = [
    {
      id    = "<project_id>"
      roles = ["projectViewer"]
      type  = "project"
    },
    {
      id    = "<project_id>"
      roles = ["projectDataReaderWriter"]
      type  = "project"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) - Email of the user.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization.
- `organization_roles` (List of String) - Organization roles assigned to the User. To learn more, see [Organization Roles](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/organizations/organization-user-roles.html).
 - **Valid Values**: `organizationOwner`, `organizationMember`, `projectCreator`

### Optional

- `name` (String) - The name of the user.
 - **Constraints**: Maximum length: 128 characters
- `resources` (Attributes Set) - **Default**: `[]` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

### Read-Only

- `audit` (Attributes) Couchbase audit data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audit))
- `enable_notifications` (Boolean) - After enabling email notifications for your account, you will start receiving email notification alerts from all databases in projects you are a part of.
- `expires_at` (String) - Time at which user expires.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `id` (String) - The UUID of the user created.
- `inactive` (Boolean) - Depicts whether the user has accepted the invite for the organization.
- `last_login` (String) - Time(UTC) at which user last logged in.
 - **Format**: Date-time in RFC3339 format
- `region` (String) - Region of the user.
- `status` (String) - Depicts user status whether they are verified or not. verified: It reflects a verified state for an email address where the user has proven that they have access to the email account. not-verified: It reflects an unverified or pending verification state. pending-primary: It reflects an unverified primary email address
 - **Valid Values**: `verified`, `not-verified`, `pending-primary`
- `time_zone` (String) - Time zone of the user.

<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `id` (String) - The UUID of the user created.
- `roles` (Set of String) - Project Roles associated with the User. To learn more about Project Roles, see [Project Roles](https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/projects/project-roles.html).
 - **Valid Values**: `projectOwner`, `projectManager`, `projectViewer`, `projectDataReaderWriter`, `projectDataReader`

Optional:

- `type` (String) - Type of the resource.
 - **Valid Values**: `project`
 - **Default**: `project`


<a id="nestedatt--audit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `modified_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the resource was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the resource.
- `version` (Number) The version of the document. This value is incremented each time the resource is modified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import couchbase-capella_user.new_user id=<user_id>,organization_id=<organization_id>
```
